Rename Health events to Account events (#5582)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/health-events.md

---

> id: account-events

Reviewer: Just like for that other file, if you're changing the ID of this file from `health-events` to `account-events`, you should also change the name of the file from `health-events.md` to `account-events.md`.

Account events are sent from Installed Collectors on version 19.308-2 and later.

## Alerts

Alerts for specific account events are easy to create in the Account Events Table. The details pane of an event provides a **Create Scheduled Search** button to automatically generate the required query.

## Account events

Account events are created when an issue is detected with a Collector or Source. Events are indexed and searchable in a separate partition named **sumologic_system_events** in the [Account Event Index](/docs/manage/security/audit-indexes/account-event-index). For details on what information is available in a health event, see the [common parameters](#common-parameters) table.

### Account events table

The account events table allows you to easily view and investigate problems getting your data to Sumo.

On the account events table, you can search, filter, and sort incidents by key aspects like severity, resource name, event name, resource type, and opened since date.

[**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). To access the account events table, in the main Sumo Logic menu select **Manage Data > Monitoring > Health Events**. 

> [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui/). To access the account events table, in the top menu select **Configuration**, and then under **Data Collection** select **Account Events**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Account Events**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui/). To access the account events table, in the Sumo Logic main menu select **Data Management**, and then under **Data Collection** select **Account Events**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Account Events**. 
```
